=redsea=
'''redsea''' decodes [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radio_Data_System FM-RDS] data received through a sound card.

==Why does it work?==
On certain FM radios, the 57 kHz RDS subcarrier can also be faintly detected at
57 / 3 = 19 kHz, which is well below the [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyquist_frequency Nyquist frequency] for an ordinary
sound card's [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analog-to-digital_converter ADC]. This allows us to plug the radio into the computer's Line In
and, using digital filters and other DSP sorcery, extract the RDS data.

==Where will it work?==
The program runs on Linux and uses sox/alsa to read from the sound card.
The GUI is written in Perl and uses GTK2, Encode and IO::Select. Line in must
be set on Capture and capture gain should be reasonably high with no clipping.

==Does it work?==
YMMV.

==Licensing==
<pre>Copyright (c) 2007-2011, Oona OH2-250

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.</pre>
